How to remove fungi from the feet
feet is a part of the body that the
most people neglect without
However, this is as important as
others and that's why we should take care of it
and keep it healthy plus the
aesthetics of the feet is very important
imagine how fatal it would look
beautiful sandals with very feet
careless some carelessness cause
mushrooms on our feet which are
very annoying as they produce itching
excessive sweating bad smell and so on
wash your feet well every day when
take a bath make sure you wash well
the feet to remove all the dirt
and the bacteria so will avoid the
fungal growth and bad smell
brush the soles of the feet
laterals the nails and between the
fingers then rinse with plenty of water
until well removing the dry soap well
Your feet do not matter as if in a hurry
after washing your feet, take a
time to dry them well especially
in between the fingers
avoid leaving them moist since this
proliferate to the appearance of fungi
Place your feet in water with bleach placed
warm water and a stopper
of bleach and dip your feet for 30
minutes then dry the well repeats the
procedure for two weeks each
two days and then once a week for
avoid them
the chlorine resects the skin
you must place moisturizer for the
vinegar nights you can also try to
remove fungi from the feet
soaking a cotton ball in vinegar and
press it gently for 20
minutes on the affected area uses
suitable socks used socks
of cotton and change them every day
in case your feet sweat a lot
change several times a day change
shoes
if you have foot fungus is more than
sure that these also proliferate in
the shoes so change the or lava
the good ones to eliminate the bacteria
then put in them talc fungi in
the ones
invasion is known as onychomycosis
of nail fungus a condition that
causes the appearance of yellow spots
and an unpleasant aspect of these is
more common that this occurs in the
toenails although they can also
appear fungi on your hands if you want
read more articles similar to how
remove the fungi from the feet
We recommend that you enter our
category of home remedies